Update rules (#264)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/spacerace.md

## How do I participate?

**The calibration period is currently open.** To join, run at least 1 miner on the [calibration devnet](https://docs.filecoin.io/how-to/networks/#calibration-devnet). A preview of calibration standings is available on the [Preview Dashboard](https://calibration.spacerace.filecoin.io/). 

**The competition period will begin Monday, August 24th at 20:00 UTC** and is open for 3 weeks. To participate in the competition, run 1 or more miners on the Testnet. You'll also need to complete these steps to be eligible for rewards:
- Maintain a deal success average of 80% or greater for both storage and retrieval deals.
- Demonstrate at least one sector upgrade per miner.

> - Register your miner(s) by submitting your individual or company info via the Dashboard. It will generate a message for your miner to sign and publish on-chain. Miners that qualify for rewards will also need to pass an AML/KYC check once the competition ends. (See [Can I run multiple miners?](#can-i-run-multiple-miners) if you are running multiple miners.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Register your miner(s) by submitting your individual or company info via the Dashboard. It will generate a message for your miner to sign and submit via the competition dashboard. Miners that qualify for rewards will also need to pass an AML/KYC check once the competition ends. (See [Can I run multiple miners?](#can-i-run-multiple-miners) if you are running multiple miners.)
```
